Update targeting_rules.md (#37599)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/feature_flags/concepts/targeting_rules.md

SDKs do not evaluate targeting rules when the flag is <b>disabled</b> or <b>overridden</b> in an environment. If the flag is overridden with a fixed variant, the SDK returns that variant instead. If the flag is disabled, the SDK returns the coded default variant.
</div>

> ## Copy rules to another environment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Copy rules to another environment

```

> You can copy one or more targeting rules from the current environment to a different environment. This is useful when you want to promote a rollout configuration from staging to production, or replicate targeting logic across environments without manually recreating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can copy one or more targeting rules from the current environment to a different environment. Use this to promote a rollout configuration from staging to production, or replicate targeting logic across environments without manually recreating each rule.
```

> To copy rules:

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To copy rules:
```

1. Hover over the targeting rule you want to copy.
2. Click the **Copy** icon that appears in the rule's action toolbar.
3. In the **Copy rules to another environment** modal:
   - Under **Rules to copy**, select the rules you want to copy. Select **All rules** to copy every eligible rule at once.
   - Under **Select which environment you want to copy to**, choose the target environment.
4. Click **Copy rules** to confirm.

> ### What is copied

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### What is copied

```

The following rule properties are copied to the target environment:
- Filter conditions
- Variant assignments and traffic exposure percentages
- Progressive rollout step configuration (the schedule is reset and starts fresh in the target environment)
- Guardrail metric configuration

> ### Limitations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Limitations

```

> - **Experiment rules cannot be copied.** Rules linked to an experiment are not eligible for copying. Only feature gate and progressive rollout rules can be copied.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Experiment rules cannot be copied.** Only feature gate and progressive rollout rules can be copied.
```

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for redundancy, as the second sentence here doesn't appear to add new information
